Show stability pool to liquity module (#5102)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

=========

* :release:`1.26.1 <2022-11-04>`

> * :feature:`5102` Show stability pool to liquity module.

Reviewer: This should change but we can do in other PR. 

```suggestion
* :feature:`5102` Users will be able to track their LUSD and rewards in the Liquity's stability pool
```
